# Task_order_analysis
## Overview
This project analyzes customer orders from an online store to compute various revenue metrics.
## Project Structure
task_infrastructure/ <br>
├── Dockerfile<br>
├── Dockerfile.test<br>
├── docker-compose.yml<br>
├── requirements.txt<br>
├── app<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; └── app.py<br>
└── tests/<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; └── app_test.py<br>
### Directories and Files
- app/: Contains main application code <br>
&nbsp; - app.py - Main script for processing the orders and generating revenue metrics. <br>
- tests/: Contains the test scripts.<br>
 &nbsp; - test_app.py - Unit tests for the application.<br>
- Dockerfile - Dockerfile for the main application. <br>
- Dockerfile.test - Dockerfile for running tests.<br>
- docker-compose.yml - Docker Compose configuration. <br>
- orders.csv - Data that needs to be calculated <br>
- requirements.txt - all the required libraries and dependencies. <br>
## Architecture
The project is structured to separate the main application logic from the testing logic. The Docker setup ensures that the environment is consistent and that the application can be easily deployed and tested.
### Components
1. **Application**: The core of the project, contained in app.py, reads the orders data, processes it to calculate various revenue metrics, and displays the results.
2. **Testing**: The test_app.py script contains unit tests to validate the correctness of the application logic. It uses the same codebase as the application, ensuring tests run in an environment identical to production.


## Setup
### Prerequisites
- Docker
- Docker Compose
- Python 3.8+
### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/pal-ak/task_tanx_order_analysis.git
    cd task_tanx_order_analysis
    ```

2. Build the Docker containers:
    ```sh
    docker-compose build
    ```

### Usage

#### Run the Application
```sh
docker-compose up app
```
This command will start the application and compute the required metrics.
#### Run the Tests
```sh
docker-compose run test
```
This command will run all the unit tests to ensure the code is working correctly.
#### Stop the containers
```sh
docker-compose down
```
This command will stop and remove all the containers created by Docker Compose.
### Explanation of Results
- **Monthly Revenue** : Total revenue generated by the online store for each month.
- **Product Revenue** : Total revenue generated by each product.
- **Customer Revenue** : Total revenue generated by each customer.
- **Top 10 Customers** : List of the top 10 customers by revenue generated.
### Troubleshooting
- Ensure all dependencies are installed as specified in requirements.txt
- Verify the directory structure and file names.
## Demo Video
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Bw97qw9YmQcAiUdoGrTbY0dawMdyIPuE/view?usp=sharing
## Contact
For any questions, please contact pallak.bbais@gmail.com
 













